
Elastic system monitoring
US US10529912B2US US10529912B2

[See patent](https://patents.google.com/patent/US10529912B2/)

A monitoring system using agents to dynamically collect state information at controllable intensity levels from components of systems. The system receives state information collected by an agent at a particular intensity level, and processes the state information to determine an updated intensity level for collecting state information by the agent, or by some other agent. The state information may include data indicating the performance of one or more components, such as process response times or other metrics. The intensity level for collecting further state information can be increased when, among other things, previously collected state information indicates more detailed monitoring for the component is appropriate. The intensity level for collecting further state information can be decreased when, among other things, previously collected state information indicates continued expected behavior.A monitoring system using agents to dynamically collect state information at controllable intensity levels from components of systems. The system receives state information collected by an agent at a particular intensity level, and processes the state information to determine an updated intensity level for collecting state information by the agent, or by some other agent. The state information may include data indicating the performance of one or more components, such as process response times or other metrics. The intensity level for collecting further state information can be increased when, among other things, previously collected state information indicates more detailed monitoring for the component is appropriate. The intensity level for collecting further state information can be decreased when, among other things, previously collected state information indicates continued expected behavior.